I have challenged the entire ISO-9000 review team to a round of Bat-Leth practice on the holodeck. They will not concern us again.
A TRUE Klingon warrior does not comment his code!
Behold, the keyboard of Kalis! The greatest Klingon code warrior that ever lived!
By filing this bug report you have challenged the honour of my family. Prepare to die!
C++? That is for children. A Klingon Warrior uses only machine code, keyed in on the front panel switches in raw binary.
Debugging? Klingons do not debug. Bugs are good for building character in the user.
Debugging? Klingons do not debug. Our software does not coddle the weak.
Defensive programming? Never! Klingon programs are always on the offense. Yes, Offensive programming is what we do best.
I am without honor...my children are without honor... My father coded at the Battle of Kittimer...and...and...he... HE ALLOWED HIMSELF TO BE MICROMANAGED. <shudder>
I have challenged the entire testing team to a Bat-Leth contest. They will not concern us again.
Indentation?! - I will show you how to indent when I indent your skull!
Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' - they have 'arguments' - and they ALWAYS WIN THEM.
Klingon multitasking systems do not support 'time-sharing'. When a Klingon program wants to run, it challenges the scheduler in hand-to-hand combat and owns the machine.
Klingon programs don't do accountancy. For that, you need a Farengi programmer.
Klingon software does NOT have BUGS. It has FEATURES, and those features are too sophisticated for a Romulan pig like you to understand.
Klingons do not believe in indentation - except perhaps in the skulls of their project managers.
Klingons do not make software 'releases'. Our software 'escapes'. Typically leaving a trail of wounded programmers in it's wake.
Microsoft is actually a secret Farengi-Klingon alliance designed to cripple the Federation. The Farengi are doing the marketing and the Klingons are writing the code.
My program has just dumped Stova Core!
Our competitors are without honor!
Our users will know fear and cower before our software! Ship it! Ship it and let them flee like the dogs they are!
Perhaps it IS a good day to Die! I say we ship it!
Python? That is for children. A Klingon Warrior uses only machine code, keyed in on the front panel switches in raw binary.
Specs are for the weak and timid!
This code is a piece of crap! You have no honor!
This machine is a piece of GAGH! I need dual Pentium processors if I am to do battle with this code!
What is this talk of 'release'? Klingons do not make software 'releases'. Our software 'escapes' leaving a bloody trail of designers and quality assurance people in its wake.
You cannot truly appreciate Dilbert unless you've read it in the original Klingon.
You humans call this thing a 'cursor' and you move it with 'mouse'! Bah! A Klingon would not use such a device. We have a Karaghht-Gnot - which is best translated as 'An Aiming Daggar of 16x16 pixels' and we move it using a Gshnarrrf which is a creature from the Klingon homeworld which posesses just one, (disproportionately large) testicle...which it rubs along the ground.....uh do we really need to talk about this?
You question the worthiness of my code? I should kill you where you stand!
